README.md, before:

# portfolio-patrena-smith
 
# License
   
![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Patrena94/portfolio-patrena-smith)  


 # Description
 The Portofolio provides an employer with an high level overview of my professional work experience and body of work as a Coding student.  


 # Table of Content 
 1.[License](#License)

 2.[Description](#Description)

 3.[Questions](#Questions)

 4.[Installation](#Installation)

 5.[Usage](#Usage)

 6.[Screencastify](#Screencastify)

 7.[Contribution](#Contribution)

 8.[Test](#Test)

 9.[Screenshots](#Screenshots)

 10.[Sources](#Sources)

 # Questions  

 User with questions about this project should contact me at patrena@sbcglobal.net.  You may also review my portfolio at Patrena Github repository(https://github.com/Patrena94).
 

 
# Installation
 The user will need install React.  The user's may install react by utilizing npx create-react-app portofolio <app name>. For the purpose of this project npm install -g create-react-app followed by npx create-react-app portfolio-patrena-smith.  The user will need to typ npm start or nodemon to initiate the program directly in the browser at port 3000.

# Usage
 

Users and Contributors may review a walk-through video of the above description by clicking the Screencastify link below:

# Screencastify

Heroku walk through video:



# Heroku


# Contribution
User interested in contributing to the project will need to create their own branch in GitHub.  They may submit changes and updates to be incorporated into the app for approval by the owner.  Individual may also fork the application to their individual accounts. 


# Test
 

# Screenshots


# Sources

Cover Image: Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@molnj?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Jocelyn Morales</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/t/nature?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  

❤️ Made with Love by Patrena, LLC. 2021
![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Patrena94/Smith-Corporation-Work-Scheduler)  
![build status](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Patrena94/Mobile-Drive-in-Theater)
![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Patrena94/Multi-City-Weather-Dashboard)

Commit message:

updated readme to site photo source

README.md, after:

# portfolio-patrena-smith
 
# License
   
![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Patrena94/portfolio-patrena-smith)  


 # Description
 The Portofolio provides an employer with an high level overview of my professional work experience and body of work as a Coding student.  


 # Table of Content 
 1.[License](#License)

 2.[Description](#Description)

 3.[Questions](#Questions)

 4.[Installation](#Installation)

 5.[Usage](#Usage)

 6.[Screencastify](#Screencastify)

 7.[Contribution](#Contribution)

 8.[Test](#Test)

 9.[Screenshots](#Screenshots)

 10.[Sources](#Sources)

 # Questions  

 User with questions about this project should contact me at patrena@sbcglobal.net.  You may also review my portfolio at Patrena Github repository(https://github.com/Patrena94).
 

 
# Installation
 The user will need install React.  The user's may install react by utilizing npx create-react-app portofolio <app name>. For the purpose of this project npm install -g create-react-app followed by npx create-react-app portfolio-patrena-smith.  The user will need to typ npm start or nodemon to initiate the program directly in the browser at port 3000.

# Usage
 

Users and Contributors may review a walk-through video of the above description by clicking the Screencastify link below:

# Screencastify

Heroku walk through video:



# Heroku


# Contribution
User interested in contributing to the project will need to create their own branch in GitHub.  They may submit changes and updates to be incorporated into the app for approval by the owner.  Individual may also fork the application to their individual accounts. 


# Test
 

# Screenshots


# Sources

Cover Image: Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@molnj?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Jocelyn Morales</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/t/nature?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
Portfolio Individual Image photo by Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@trinwin?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Trinity Nguyen</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/t/business-work?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
  

❤️ Made with Love by Patrena, LLC. 2021
![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Patrena94/Smith-Corporation-Work-Scheduler)  
![build status](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Patrena94/Mobile-Drive-in-Theater)
![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Patrena94/Multi-City-Weather-Dashboard)
